hi guys today on Davis cuz we are making
these fluffy old-fashioned buttermilk
pancakes this recipe is the bomb diggity
and it is so easy to make let's get
right into it
alright so the first thing we're going
to do is we're going to crack our eggs
into a medium bowl here you're gonna
grab our little whiz get your whisk and
we're gonna whisk this bad boy until
it's uniform in color we don't want any
streaks of yellow with a nice soft
yellow color just like this right here
there's eat another plane I record my
videos in my son's room so just in case
you got Byway is she a honey right never
gonna add in some buttermilk and some
whole milk alright buttermilk and whole
milk that's my grandmother's secret
showers use those Sudan makes the best
pancakes her ok never going to add in
some melted butter go ahead and whisk
that butter right on into that batter
keep that whisk moving and they're going
to add in some pure vanilla extract see
that nice full flavor there alright then
go ahead and just whisk that on in there
and now we're done and now we're going
to move on to our dry ingredients I had
some all-purpose flour here and I'm
gonna add in my salt my baking powder
and baking soda then got tossed in a
little bit of sugar just to sweeten it
up a little bit to like me are never
gonna whisk this around you can also
sift this but make sure you get it nice
and combined okay we want everything to
be perfectly mixed up alright now I'm
gonna make a little well in the center
of my dry ingredients there and pour
those wet ingredients right into that
little hole that we made they're gonna
take my rubber spatula just kind of Lee
toss the flour into the wet ingredients
like that and kind of fold it around you
wanna be very very gentle okay very very
gently stir this up because we don't
want to work the batter too much alright
there should be some lumps in there like
that right there perfect yeah I still
kind of lumpy that's perfect I have my
griddle all heated up I'm gonna just
block this batter right onto my griddle
this better is kind of thick especially
if you let it sit for a little while
which is what I did so I'm using my cup
to kind of spread it out a little bit
just like that alright and when the
bubbles begin to break on the surface
and the underside is nice and goes that
mean is right to honey go ahead flip
that back with over beautiful golden
pancakes I love it I love love love some
homemade pancakes
nothing beats how my pan
I'm so sorry all right now you have to
brush it with butter you have to it's
just the southern way darling
brush it with some butter it's gonna be
so good I promise you guys all right it
is all right perfect now you got pretty
much done beautiful goals and pancakes
and you did it from scratch
go girl and in my next video I'm gonna
show you guys how to make some homemade
stroke that is burning in and there's
Isaac he loved these pancakes so much
yeah it's getting so big my baby and
there's my little pancake thief Ethan
Ethan did you take did you take a
pancake so you don't have a pancake in
your mouth no are you eating the pancake
what are you eating yeah some M&Ms is
that a lie are you telling you lie oh
okay yeah there you go
Oh kids are precious now go ahead and
plop that but on those pancakes y'all
then drizzle it with some homemade maple
syrup yes honey and don't forget you
guys you can find this recipe on my blog
at V what's include com thank you guys
so much for watching later
Oh